The Lord is right
I was confused.
Mu Guiying, you are still pretending that it doesn't work.
More and more outrageous
Even if you kneel down and repent now
Kowtowing 10,000 heads is also a capital crime
It's too cheap for a man to die
Kill my brother
Wait for Fengming Jun to arrive
Skin them
Flick their bones
Let them be torn to pieces
The four generals of the Fengming Army brought 300,000 army government uniform
Golden Armor Road
General You
Congratulations, from now on
General You will officially become the general of Peking University
Congratulations congratulations
Congratulations, congratulations, General Hahaha Wu
It's just that these two must not be let go easily
Hum Mu Guiying
Nangong Qin
Didn't you say you want to take back my military power?
Now the Four Buddha Supplements and Golden Armor
Already delivered
Your lies are self-defeating
Mu Guiying, don't you want to take the tiger talisman?
Go get it
I'd like to see how you won the four major generals
Why do I need to take
They will kneel before my eyes
Offer this tiger talisman with both hands
ring
It's a controversy, it seems that I can't keep you today
Four will follow orders
Put on this imperial armor for this general
This general wants to destroy the general of Peking University
Kill these three today